
kernel-testing
--------------

  * More configurability

    * Issues:
        1. I'm asking that the QA/CI folks use this code but is it really flexible
           enough for them?
        2. I've started using this for testing at home. I'm running into the same
           issues that someone else would have running on different HW, different
           jenkins & maas servers, etc.

    * Refactor the lib/infrastructure.py code so that it clear and easy how to
      change it for other configurations.

    * Make sure that we have configurations for:
        1. Servers; MAAS and Jenkins and anything else.
        2. The servers need ssh usernames to be used.
        3. The ssh command line options need to be configurable and flexible enough
           so we don't need individual .ssh/config rules for every test host.

    * Make sure the templates are using these configuration options.

  * Fix virtual testing. Most of the necessary infrastructure is
    in place, it just needs to be wrung out.

Re-work?
--------

  * Automatically determining which autotest control file to use
    was not the best nor simpleest idea. I think we would be
    better off using the "testDependency" dictionary to explicitly
    set which control file to use.

    If we are thinking of that, we should think about something
    else that Steve has mentioned which is to have the control
    files outside the autotest tree and insert them into the
    tree based on the series. I can see where we could expand
    this idea to other files as well. For example if the lucid
    version of xfstests wanted additional, ubuntu specific
    patches we could keep those out-of-tree as well and copy
    them in-tree when we are on a lucid system.

Autotest
--------

 * We should probably be rebooting after each individual autotest test
   is run. We may want to completely re-provision the system. This is
   something that will be difficult to "just slip in" for QA.

 * I'm thinking it might be nice to run the xfstests per filesystem
   than one test which exercises all filesystems. Kind of a 'xfstests-ext4',
   'xfstests-xfs', etc.

